Bittrex is a regulated crypto exchange that is based in the United States and was formed in 2014 out of Las Vegas, Nevada. Bittrex caters to crypto traders, as they currently support the buying and selling of over 200 different tokens, and the platform is often one of the first exchanges to list new emerging cryptocurrencies. To keep their customers secure, Bittrex performs compliance audits against new cryptocurrencies to ensure their traders make safe transactions with legitimate ventures. While some exchanges accept fiat currency, Bittrex uses Bitcoin as their cornerstone currency. They do not accept any type of fiat money. Adjusting to the Bittrex platform can take some time to get used to, but the company is highly professional and offers speedy transactions and is a frequently used platform by seasoned crypto-investors.

Bittrex Pros

Anonymous function – no ID required for basic accounts
No minimum deposit
Utilizes 2-factor-authentication
Quick and simple account setup
Makes 1-minute price charts available
Perfect platform for those doing arbitrage
Flawless data connections – service interruptions are rare
Bittrex Cons

No app support
Only email and ticket customer support
Do not accept USD or any fiat currencies
No margin available
Low liquidity can be a problem from time to time
No dollar value assigned to cryptocurrencies
Advanced user interface (not beginner friendly)
High trading fees of 0.25%
Bittrex Final Remarks

Although Bittrex does not currently enable leverage, the company has stated that they expect to implement a leverage functionality later this year or in the beginning of 2018. The maximum withdrawal amount allowed for users with basic accounts is 1 BTC, while enhanced account holders who have been verified can withdraw up to $50,000 at any one time. Overall, Bittrex is a great cryptocurrency exchange for seasoned arbitrageurs, but isn’t the most ideal option for professional daytraders due to the limited amount of immediate liquidity and the inability to trade with margin. But, as Bittrex has witnessed a staggering rise in new accounts in 2017, the platform’s liquidity woes may soon come to an end.