Charles Hoskinson is the CEO, who was also involved with Ethereum in its development team. He was one of the original cofounders of Ethereum
They are trying to make atomic swaps easier and hopefully remove the need for exchanges.
their team is packed with academicians and scholars.
The white paper is a technical masterpiece with detailed analysisCardano is trying to solve some of the most difficult problems, the cryptocurrency industry is facing such as scalability and democratized voting.
its gay. gay is good!its gay. gay is bad!
Many speculators suggest that a pump is in place to artificially inflate this coin’s market cap.
The CEO a has reputation of being a sociopath?
Their team is packed with academicians and scholars. Anyone remember Long-Term Capital Management?
none of the planned features are currently in place
there are no tangible developments in place. At this point in time, the coin is simply vaporware.
In comparison to its competitors such as ETH, IOTA, NEO, and WAVES, ADA is seriously lacking in terms of framework.
In comparison to its competitors such as ETH, IOTA, NEO, and WAVES, ADA is seriously lacking in terms of framework.
In comparison to its competitors such as ETH, IOTA, NEO, and WAVES, ADA is seriously lacking in terms of framework.
Firstly please take a look at the press section of IOHK, which is their development partner. Multiple articles by mainstream media have been written about IOHK. To name a few, Business Insider, The FT, Forbes, Bloomberg and the Nasdaq Magazine (links to all these articles can be found on https://iohk.io/press/). IOHK have a global team of leading scientists, academics and researchers working on the Cardano project.

Cardano’s PoS, Ouroboros stands out as the first proof of stake algorithm that is provably secure, meaning that it offers security guarantees that are mathematically proven. Ouroboros is also the first cryptographic protocol to be peer reviewed at the world's top cryptography conference, Crypto 2017. Forbes wrote an article on Ouroboros being accepted at Crypto 2017, you can read it here:
https://www.forbes.com/sites/amycastor/2017/08/23/at-crypto-2017-blockchain-presentations-focus-on-proofs-not-concepts/#35d474f67b70

The project has adhered to strict compliance standards, and there is a wealth of information available under the transparency tab on the Cardano Hub website. https://www.cardanohub.org/en/home/

There is also talk of this being a scam coin.
Yes Its good coin. Thank you for your great information. I also bought Cardano ADA at Binance.com

A ton of promising coin here. BNB IOTA, DNT,ADA, TRON, CND, EOS ,PTT, Binance Review: ADA price is going Up .I hope it will hit $1 soon.

Please check: Where to buy Cardano (ADA) - 3 Best exchanges to buy Cardano ADA
Thanks agian!
Thank you Sowapa for your Post. After seeing your post, I did some research and bought some ADAs. I am so happy that I bought ADA coins as it has more than doubled since then.
I don't know anything about this coin. It caught my eyes when I did technical and filter analysis on coinmarketcap, searched it on google and run into your post, lol. I will do more analysis on it before buying into it. Thanks for the post, btw.
Congratulations @milobits! You have completed some achievement on Steemit and have been rewarded with new badge(s) :
