Coinbase is arguably the most popular cryptocurrency exchange in the United States. Coinbase was launched in 2012 and, after financial backing from major banks and venture capital firms, set the standard for cryptocurrency exchanges around the globe. Coinbase is a P2P platform that supports the buying and selling of Bitcoin, Etherum, and Litecoin tokens. Coinbase also has an Android and iOS wallet app. They have over 8 million users from over 30 countries and have housed over $6 billion in cryptocurrency transactions. A few major companies who have invested in Coinbase include the likes of the Bank of Tokyo, the New York Stock Exchange, Andressen Horrowitz, and more. Customers from the United States, Canada, Europe, the United Kingdom, Australia, and Singapore are able to buy crypto tokens with a verified credit card or through bank transfer. Credit card purchases come with a 3.99% fee while bank transfers have a 1.49% transaction fee.

Coinbase Pros

Sleek intuitive design
Support credit and debit cards
Instant purchases from verified cards
API tools for developers
Bitcoin deposits are insured
Partnered with major banks
Coinbase Cons

Caught monitoring their customers spending habits. Apparently, Coinbase has signed a contract with its stakeholders that force them to ensure Bitcoins are spent ‘responsibly’. This means that if you send BTC to adult entertainment or gambling websites, your account may be shut down without warning.
Coinbase has made a move against the philosophy of the crypto-community by applying for a patent for the rights to crypto wallet technology.
There have been some complaints from Coinbase affiliates that their earnings have been withheld due to ‘technical issues’.
Only offer three tokens
Coinbase Final Remarks

Although Coinbase does appear to have a slight problem with greed and a sense of dissonance with its users, it’s still a great cryptocurrency exchange for buyers. Coinbase’s main advantage is its large client base. If you do buy tokens through Coinbase, it is highly advised that you relocate your coins to a hardware wallet. But, overall Coinbase is a solid platform.