Kraken was established in 2011 in San Francisco by entrepreneur Jesse Powell, a well-known figure within the cryptocurrency world thanks to his security contributions to MtGox. In a way, Kraken is the successor to MtGox, the former exchange that went bankrupt. Kraken’s international exchange is highly popular within Europe, as they have the highest trading volume for the Bitcoin/Euro pair and have low fees for EUR users. Unlike many other cryptocurrency platforms, Kraken accepts various fiat currencies, including: USD, CAD, JPY, and EUR. They currently offer 15 different cryptocurrencies to trade, including tokens such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Dash, Zcash, Litecoin, and more. Kraken gives its users multiple trading tools, run on a highly secure environment with reliable cold storage, and offer advanced order types, such as buy limit and stop loss orders.

Kraken Pros

Up to 5x leverage on Bitcoin
Use 2-factor-authentication and PGP email encryption
Have a iOS and Android app for mobile devices
Moderate to high liquidity, specifically for EUR and JPY pairs
Support margin trading and short selling
Support custom order types
No limits on deposits
Low fees for European users
Quick and easy account setup, no ID required
Long standing crypto exchange trusted by hundreds of thousands of international crypto traders
Suitable for both beginners and professionals
Kraken Cons

Because of the high volume of traders using the platform, expect a few site errors every now and then
Could benefit from more crypto pairs
Customer support can occasionally get overwhelmed, leading to long response times
Complex fee structure, high fees for USD users moving small quantities of coin (i.e. $7 BTC withdrawal fee, $5 USD bank wire withdrawal fee, and $5 bank wire deposit fee)
Kraken Final Remarks

Overall, Kraken is a great crypto platform that offers several useful features to day traders. If you live in Europe, Kraken was probably your first and most enticing choice, and for good reason: The company is one of the oldest and largest exchanges, which has allowed them produce a long track record of happy traders without having to deal with any major issues, scandals, or negative publicity. In the end, if you’re a beginner based in Europe, go with Kraken.